README.md, before:

# Unicons

<div>
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/pwnKyk3.png" width=350px>
</div>

A Flutter library for [Unicons](https://iconscout.com/unicons).

**Note:** All icon data is auto-generated based on the latest release of [Unicons](https://github.com/Iconscout/unicons).

[![style: effective dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/style-effective_dart-40c4ff.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/effective_dart)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/pedrolemoz/unicons-flutter?color=40c4ff)
[![Project Owner](https://img.shields.io/badge/owner-Pedro%20Lemos-40c4ff)](https://github.com/pedrolemoz/)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/pedrolemoz/unicons-flutter?style=social)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/pedrolemoz/cpf_util?style=social)](https://github.com/pedrolemoz/unicons-flutter/fork)

## Installation

Add the dependency to your `pubspec.yaml`

```yaml
dependencies:
  unicons: any
```

## Usage

The library exposes all of the [Unicons](https://iconscout.com/unicons) as `IconData`.
If you want to use [Line icons](https://iconscout.com/unicons/explore/line), use `UniconsLine` class, but if you want to use [Solid icons](https://iconscout.com/unicons/explore/solid), use `UniconsSolid` instead.

```dart
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
import 'package:unicons/unicons.dart';

class MyWidget extends StatelessWidget {
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return Container(
      height: MediaQuery.of(context).size.height,
      width: MediaQuery.of(context).size.width,
      child: Column(
        mainAxisAlignment: MainAxisAlignment.center,
        crossAxisAlignment: CrossAxisAlignment.center,
        children: [
          Icon(UniconsLine.camera),
          Icon(UniconsLine.baseball_ball),
          Icon(UniconsSolid.airplay),
          Icon(UniconsSolid.battery_empty),
        ],
      ),
    );
  }
}
```

## License

Unicons are Open Source icons and licensed under Apache 2.0. You're free to use these icons in your personal and commercial project. We would love to see the attribution in your app's about screen, but it's not mandatory.

Commit message:

project: updated README for version 2.0.1

README.md, after:

# Unicons

<div>
  <img src="https://i.imgur.com/pwnKyk3.png" width=350px>
</div>

A Flutter library for [Unicons](https://iconscout.com/unicons).

**Note:** All icon data is auto-generated based on the latest release of [Unicons](https://github.com/Iconscout/unicons).

[![style: effective dart](https://img.shields.io/badge/style-effective_dart-40c4ff.svg)](https://pub.dev/packages/effective_dart)
![GitHub repo size](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/pedrolemoz/unicons-flutter?color=40c4ff)
[![Project Owner](https://img.shields.io/badge/owner-Pedro%20Lemos-40c4ff)](https://github.com/pedrolemoz/)
![GitHub stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/pedrolemoz/unicons-flutter?style=social)
[![GitHub forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/pedrolemoz/cpf_util?style=social)](https://github.com/pedrolemoz/unicons-flutter/fork)

## Installation

Add the dependency to your `pubspec.yaml` file.

If your project has null safety enabled, you can use the latest version:

```yaml
dependencies:
  unicons: ^2.0.1
```

If your project does not use null safety, you should use the following version:

```yaml
dependencies:
  unicons: 1.0.1
```

## Usage

The library exposes all of the [Unicons](https://iconscout.com/unicons) as `IconData`.
If you want to use [Line icons](https://iconscout.com/unicons/explore/line), use `UniconsLine` class, but if you want to use [Solid icons](https://iconscout.com/unicons/explore/solid), use `UniconsSolid` instead.

```dart
import 'package:flutter/material.dart';
import 'package:unicons/unicons.dart';

class MyWidget extends StatelessWidget {
  Widget build(BuildContext context) {
    return Container(
      height: MediaQuery.of(context).size.height,
      width: MediaQuery.of(context).size.width,
      child: Column(
        mainAxisAlignment: MainAxisAlignment.center,
        crossAxisAlignment: CrossAxisAlignment.center,
        children: [
          Icon(UniconsLine.camera),
          Icon(UniconsLine.baseball_ball),
          Icon(UniconsSolid.airplay),
          Icon(UniconsSolid.battery_empty),
        ],
      ),
    );
  }
}
```

## License

Unicons are Open Source icons and licensed under Apache 2.0. You're free to use these icons in your personal and commercial project. We would love to see the attribution in your app's about screen, but it's not mandatory.
